Hey!
Hi
I'm Rachel
I'm going to help you pick a college
and a major! Exciting!
Yup. There's no need to freak out.
Even if it seems like...
All of your friends know where they're going...
Remain Calm. Stay Cool. Chill Out.
Relax. I got you.
I'm so good at art.
Maybe some of your friends are going for
CS
Computer Science!
I'm guessing you knew that...
Yay
Bear with me here...
Computers and Science!
RIT
is a great school
In general but also...
for computer science!
But maybe
you want more!
You really do.
There's TONS
of computing majors
at RIT
Tell me more!
The information science and technology department
What a lovely sounding department
Has some
Brand new majors!
Yay!
What are these exciting new majors??
Computing and Information Technology
and
Web and Mobile Computing
#options
Cool!
But, like, what does that even mean?
Let me show you!
Welcome to RIT
Don't worry!
I'm still here.
To tell you about the...
New majors!
Computing and Information Technology
and
Web and Mobile Computing
RIT is so innovative
Technology is always chainging...
RIT embraces these changes!
Students stay ahead of the game
Majors in the IST department prepare students...
Like this guy!
for success after graduation.
sure
it's not like every college says that
I get that.
But in these new majors you will have...
Hands on experience
...get it?
Exciting collaborative projects
Real-world experience through...
Co-ops!!
If co-ops aren't exciting to you,
You should rethink some things.
In my humble opinion of course
so you say,
GREAT
I HAVE OPTIONS AT RIT
I'm interested in all of it
but...
I don't already know that much CS!
Don't worry! Fret not!
You can learn!
I WANT TO LEARN
you say
But...
I don't love Rochester
well
Study abroad is always an option
RIT has campuses all over the world!
There are computers all over the world you could be messing with!
amazing
you say
I'm interested in CS but I have options at RIT
Like the new majors in the IST department
Computing and Information Technology and
Web and Mobile Computing
I know your excited
and want to learn more
I WANT TO LEARN you say
ist.rit.edu